this is called ice this is what winter
in America feels like
Oh anims are on that list
yes hello scary pick up who I'm just
supposed to help them find jobs you must
be the guys from a small yeah senegal
sit down you'd your luggage come down
the chute great where does your husband
know I'm not married I provide for
myself your survival skills are very
impressive thanks I'll call you tomorrow
morning and we'll start the job hunt I
need your help I'd any dangerous animals
in this area such as lions no there's no
lions hear your safe search story anyway
I'm not sure this seemed pretty
traumatized maybe my way to the border
I had 34 brothers and sisters and the
old I'd watch one and she need to be
here with us you don't have an
appointment who do I have to screw
around here to see an immigration
supervisor me Thanks cupcake that's
gonna be a problem all flights from the
Kakuma refugee camp have been stopped
since nine eleven the program here has
stopped indefinitely she's a child
refugee of war you sure you're ready to
take this on definitely
you're being has to make choices no one
should have to make it I don't think
they're gonna make it if they're not
together I will pray for you the rdp rd
it is as efficient there for you it
means great white cow well it's better
than a lot of things I've been called
but how
I like crap you can't just break in
somebody's house there is a reason you
do not have a husband okay thank you so
much